Construction from a named tuple documentation (#1580)
JuliaData/DataFrames.jl: docs/src/man/getting_started.md

julia> df = DataFrame(A = Int[], B = String[])
0×2 DataFrame
```

> Additionally, a `DataFrame` object can be constructed from an array of named tuples, where each tuple of the array corresponds to a row of the new data frame. The order and types of the elements in each of the named tuples specify the order of the columns and their types:

Reviewer: I guess it should be

> vector of named tuples, where each named tuple in the vector"

(not native speaker though).

> Additionally, a `DataFrame` object can be constructed from an array of named tuples, where each tuple of the array corresponds to a row of the new data frame. The order and types of the elements in each of the named tuples specify the order of the columns and their types:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, a `DataFrame` object can be constructed from any object that supports Tables.jl interface, for example a vector of `NamedTuple`s:
```

```jldoctest dataframe
julia> r1 = (A = 1, B = "M")
(A = 1, B = "M")

julia> r2 = (A = 2, B = "N")
(A = 2, B = "N")

> julia> df = DataFrame([r1, r2])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
julia> df = DataFrame([(A = 1, B = "M"),
                       (A = 2, B = "N")])
```

Reviewer: I think we do not need to show creation of `r1` and `r2` explicitly. Can you also please remove the respective lines above?
